Rewrite overplotting SRS active regions example (#4598)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4598.docfix.rst

> Modified `skip_magnetogram_active_regions_example.py` to use HMI file from sample data instead of downloading it with Fido.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modified :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_magnetogram_active_regions_example.py` to use HMI file from sample data instead of downloading it with Fido.
```
I think this is correct.

> Modified :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_magnetogram_active_regions_example.py` to use HMI file from sample data instead of downloading it with Fido.

Reviewer: I messed up this reference.

> Modified :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_magnetogram_active_regions_example.py` to use HMI file from sample data instead of downloading it with Fido.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modified :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_magnetogram_active_regions.py` to use HMI file from sample data instead of downloading it with Fido.
```
